add dependency-update workflow template (fixes #683) (#756)
exasol/python-toolbox: doc/user_guide/features/github_workflows/index.rst

     - Pull request and monthly
     - Executes the continuous integration suite by calling ``merge-gate.yml`` and
       ``report.yml``. See :ref:`ci_yml` for a graph of workflow calls.
   * - ``dependency-update.yml``
     - Weekly and manual

>      - Audits project dependencies for known vulnerabilities, updates them with Poetry when needed, and creates a pull request if ``poetry.lock`` changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Audits project dependencies for known vulnerabilities, updates them with Poetry when needed, and creates a pull request if the ``poetry.lock`` was changed.
```

CI Actions
----------

Dependency Update
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The ``dependency-update.yml`` workflow helps keep project dependencies up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``dependency-update.yml`` workflow is used to resolve vulnerabilities by updating our project dependencies.
```

It can be triggered manually and is also scheduled to run weekly.

The workflow first audits dependencies for known vulnerabilities. If vulnerabilities

> are detected, it updates the dependencies using Poetry. When ``poetry.lock`` changes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are detected, it updates the dependencies using Poetry. When the ``poetry.lock`` is changed,
```

> it creates a pull request with the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then it creates a pull request with the update.
```

.. _ci_yml:

> Pull Request

Reviewer: You should also add a changelog entry for this in `doc/changes/unreleased.md`.
You can check out `doc/changes/changes_6.3.0.md` for inspiration.

For adding it to the changelog:
1. Add an entry under the section `Features`. We tend to keep these to a short sentence description that follows the format:
* `#<GitHub issue number>: <Past tense verb> <clause describing the changes>`
2. Depending on the change, we add a longer description under `Summary`. In this case, I think it's worthwhile to add a few sentences and link to the documentation . This is because the CI will change for other projects due to this.

* (special note) Currently, the anchor for the documentation you wrote doesn't exist yet on main, so it is not published to our active docs. We, however, do not verify anchors (https://github.com/exasol/python-toolbox/blob/main/doc/conf.py#L90), so I believe you can just add it like:
https://exasol.github.io/python-toolbox/main/user_guide/features/github_workflows/index.html#dependency-update
